

#### **Product Change Note**

#### **Topic ZED-F9P Product Change**

UBX- 19026694 Mårten Ström

**Author**

#### **Date** 12 July 2019

Copying, reproduction, modification or disclosure to third parties of this document or any part thereof is only permitted with the express written permission of u-blox. The information contained herein is provided "as is" and u-blox assumes no liability for its use. No warranty, either express or implied, is given, including but not limited, with respect to the accuracy, correctness, reliability and fitness for a particular purpose of the information. This document may be revised by u-blox at any time. For most recent documents, visit www.u-blox.com. Copyright© u-blox AG.

# **1 Affected Products**

| Product Name | Ordering Code | Type Number                                                  |
|--------------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------------------|
| ZED-F9P      | ZED-F9P-00B   | ZED-F9P-00B-02 (current)<br>ZED-F9P-00B-01<br>ZED-F9P-00B-00 |

# **2 Type of Change**

- ☐ Hardware modification
- ☒ Firmware update
- ☒ Documentation update
- ☒ Other: New ordering code

### **3 Description of Change**

- Product in End-of-Life: ZED-F9P-00B
- New ordering code: ZED-F9P-01B
- New firmware version: Flash FW 1.00 HPG 1.12

The ZED-F9P module has a new ordering code, ZED-F9P-01B. The product with this new ordering code is shipped with the new firmware, FW 1.00 HPG 1.12. The new firmware is designed to improve performance under certain special conditions when using long baselines. The new firmware is documented in the Release Notes [\[1\].](#page-1-0)

### **4 Schedule**

The product with ordering code ZED-F9P-00B enters End-Of-Life with following schedule:

| Product in End-of-Life | Last Time Buy Date | Last Shipping Date | Remark                                                                       |
|------------------------|--------------------|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ZED-F9P-00B            | 15-Oct-2019        | 15-Jan-2020        | All orders in phase-out are non<br>cancellable and non<br>returnable (NCNR). |

The product with ordering code ZED-F9P-01B can be ordered as of today. First shipments are scheduled for the 1st of August.

| Replacing Product | First Shipping Date |
|-------------------|---------------------|
| ZED-F9P-01B       | 1-Aug-2019          |



The released firmware, Flash FW 1.00 HPG 1.12, can be downloaded from our web site and used for evaluation starting today. All existing ZED-F9P modules can be upgraded with the released firmware.

## **5 Customer Impact and Recommended Action**

It is recommended that customers carefully study the release notes and take necessary actions to migrate to the latest ZED-F9P product.

The new product is functionally and electrically identical with the current product and conformant with the current specification.

## **6 Reference Documents**

- <span id="page-1-0"></span>[1] u-blox Release Note, ZED-F9P FW 1.00 HPG 1.12, [UBX-19026698](https://www.u-blox.com/docs/UBX-19026698)
- [2] u-blox ZED-F9P Data Sheet[, UBX-17051259](https://www.u-blox.com/docs/UBX-17051259)