

#### **Information Note**

#### **Topic ZED-F9P Engineering Sample**

UBX-18068388 Mårten Ström

**Author**

#### **Date** 13 December 2018

Copying, reproduction, modification or disclosure to third parties of this document or any part thereof is only permitted with the express written permission of u-blox. The information contained herein is provided "as is" and u-blox assumes no liability for its use. No warranty, either express or implied, is given, including but not limited, with respect to the accuracy, correctness, reliability and fitness for a particular purpose of the information. This document may be revised by u-blox at any time. For most recent documents, visit www.u-blox.com. Copyright© u-blox AG.

# **1 Affected Products**

| Product Name | Order Code  | Type No        | Firmware      | Remarks                                          |
|--------------|-------------|----------------|---------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| ZED-F9P      | ZED-F9P-00B | ZED-F9P-00B-00 | 1.00 HPG 1.00 | New type number with new<br>firmware introduced. |

# **2 Type of Change**

- ☐ Hardware modification
- ☒ Firmware update
- ☒ Documentation update
- ☒ Others: New type number to identify the new firmware version.

# **3 Description of Change**

The u-blox ZED-F9P module has a new type number. The modules with this new type number are shipped with a new firmware.

- New type number: ZED-F9P-00B-01
- New firmware version: 1.00 HPG 1.10

The new firmware introduces the Moving Base feature. See Release Note [1] for full details.

### **4 Schedule**

All ZED-F9P orders are fulfilled using the new type number ZED-F9P-00B-01 and with the new firmware starting December 20, 2018.

### **5 Customer Impact and Recommended Action**

The product is available as Engineering Sample. Customers interested in evaluating the product should contact u-blox sales.

Relevant product documentation is updated and published on our website. See Reference Documents for details. ZED-F9P customers are advised to get the new documentation from u-blox website.

Modules with the type number - ZED-F9P-00B-00 can be upgraded to the newest firmware. The firmware is available upon request through our sales organization.



# **6 Reference Documents**

- [1] u-blox ZED-F9P FW 1.00 HPG 1.10 Release Note (UBX-18070245)
- [2] u-blox ZED-F9P Interface Description (UBX-18010854)
- [3] u-blox ZED-F9P Data Sheet (UBX-17051259)
- [4] u-blox ZED-F9P Integration Manual (UBX-18010802)