

#### **Information Note**

**Topic ZED-F9P reaching Initial Production status**

UBX-19005608

**Author** Mårten Ström

**Date** 21 February 2019

Copying, reproduction, modification or disclosure to third parties of this document or any part thereof is only permitted with the express written permission of u-blox. The information contained herein is provided "as is" and u-blox assumes no liability for its use. No warranty, either express or implied, is given, including but not limited, with respect to the accuracy, correctness, reliability and fitness for a particular purpose of the information. This document may be revised by u-blox at any time. For most recent documents, visit www.u-blox.com. Copyright© u-blox AG.

## **1 Affected Products**

| Product Name | Order Code  | Type No        | Firmware      | Remarks                    |
|--------------|-------------|----------------|---------------|----------------------------|
| ZED-F9P      | ZED-F9P-00B | ZED-F9P-00B-00 | 1.00 HPG 1.00 | Engineering Samples status |
|              |             | ZED-F9P-00B-01 | 1.00 HPG 1.10 | Engineering Samples status |
|              |             | ZED-F9P-00B-02 | 1.00 HPG 1.11 | Initial Production status  |

# **2 Type of Change**

- ☒ Hardware modification
- ☒ Firmware update
- ☒ Documentation update
- ☒ Others: Product status change, new type number

## **3 Description of Change**

The u-blox ZED-F9P module has reached Initial Production status. There have been both hardware and firmware changes since the previous Engineering Samples. A new type number has been introduced to identify the latest module.

- New type number: ZED-F9P-00B-02
- New firmware version: 1.00 HPG 1.11

#### **3.1 Hardware change**

A power limiter diode in the RF input path was removed, which required a change of the specified maximum input power rating at RF\_IN. See the Data Shee[t \[3\]](#page-1-0) for details.

A few part numbers of components have been changed to mitigate global supply risks. These changes have no impact on product performance.

#### **3.2 Firmware change**

See Release Note [1] for full details on changes in the firmware.

### **4 Schedule**

All ZED-F9P orders will be filled with the new type number ZED-F9P-00B-02 as of February 22, 2019.



## **5 Customer Impact and Recommended Action**

Relevant product documentation is updated and published on our website. See Reference Documents for details. ZED-F9P customers are advised to study the new documentation that can be obtained from u-blox website.

Previous ZED-F9P Engineering Samples can be upgraded to the newest firmware. The firmware is available for download from our web site.

### **6 Reference Documents**

- [1] u-blox ZED-F9P FW 1.00 HPG 1.11 Release Note (UBX-19004753)
- [2] u-blox ZED-F9P Interface Description (UBX-18010854)
- <span id="page-1-0"></span>[3] u-blox ZED-F9P Data Sheet (UBX-17051259)
- [4] u-blox ZED-F9P Integration Manual (UBX-18010802)