

#### **Information Note**

#### **Topic ZED-F9P Engineering Sample**

UBX-18052517

**Author**

#### **Date** Mårten Ström 6 September 2018

Copying, reproduction, modification or disclosure to third parties of this document or any part thereof is only permitted with the express written permission of u-blox. The information contained herein is provided "as is" and u-blox assumes no liability for its use. No warranty, either express or implied, is given, including but not limited, with respect to the accuracy, correctness, reliability and fitness for a particular purpose of the information. This document may be revised by u-blox at any time. For most recent documents, visit www.u-blox.com. Copyright© u-blox AG.

## **1 Affected Products**

| Product Name | Order Code  | Type No        | Firmware      | Remarks |
|--------------|-------------|----------------|---------------|---------|
| ZED-F9P      | ZED-F9P-00B | ZED-F9P-00B-00 | 1.00 HPG 1.00 |         |

## **2 Type of Change**

- ☒ Hardware modification
- ☒ Firmware update
- ☒ Documentation update
- ☒ Others: New product available as Engineering Sample

# **3 Description of Change**

The u-blox ZED-F9P multi-band GNSS module with high precision capabilities has reached Engineering Sample (ES) status.

# **4 Schedule**

Engineering Samples of ZED-F9P are available as of today, September 6, 2018. Relevant ES documentation (see Reference Documents) is published on our website.

#### **5 Customer Impact and Recommended Action**

Customers interested in evaluating the product should contact u-blox sales.

Prototype customers are advised to get the updated documentation from our u-blox website. The firmware related to this ES release can be made available upon request through our sales organization.

### **6 Reference Documents**

- [1] u-blox ZED-F9P FW 1.00 HPG 1.00 Release Notes (UBX-18052237)
- [2] u-blox ZED-F9P Interface Description (UBX-18010854)
- [3] u-blox ZED-F9P Data Sheet (UBX-17051259)
- [4] u-blox ZED-F9P Integration Manual (UBX-18010802)