

#### **Information note**

#### **Topic ZED-F9K-00B reaching Initial Production Status**

UBX-20000232

**Author** Alex Ngi

#### **Date** 10 January 2020

Copying, reproduction, modification or disclosure to third parties of this document or any part thereof is only permitted with the express written permission of u-blox. The information contained herein is provided "as is" and u-blox assumes no liability for its use. No warranty, either express or implied, is given, including but not limited, with respect to the accuracy, correctness, reliability and fitness for a particular purpose of the information. This document may be revised by u-blox at any time. For most recent documents, visit www.u-blox.com. Copyright© u-blox AG.

# **1 Affected Products**

| Product name | Order code  | Type no.       | Firmware    | Remarks                    |
|--------------|-------------|----------------|-------------|----------------------------|
| ZED-F9K      | ZED-F9K-00B | ZED-F9K-00B-00 | FW100LAP101 | Engineering Samples Status |
|              | ZED-F9K-00B | ZED-F9K-00B-00 | FW100LAP101 | Initial Production Status  |

# **2 Type of change**

- ☐ Hardware modification
- ☐ Firmware update
- ☒ Documentation update
- ☒ Others: Product status change as Initial Production Status

## **3 Description of change**

The u-blox ZED-F9K multi-band GNSS module with high precision and automotive dead reckoning has reached Initial Production (IP) status.

## **4 Schedule**

ZED-F9K modules in IP status are available as of today. Relevant IP documentation (see Reference Documents) is available upon request under NDA.

### **5 Customer impact and recommended action**

Customers interested in evaluating the product should contact u-blox sales.

Customers using unofficial engineering samples of the data codes 109102001.0500 or 109102001.0600 are advised to update the firmware before the time limited firmware lapses. Customers using official engineering samples of the data codes 109102001.0601 need to take no actions.

#### **6 Reference documents**

- [1] ZED-F9K Interface Description, doc. No. UBX-19000811 (under NDA only)
- [2] ZED-F9K Integration Manual, doc. No. UBX-18047567 (under NDA only)
- [3] ZED-F9K Data Sheet, doc. No. UBX-17061422 (under NDA only)