

#### **Information note**

#### **Topic ZED-F9K-02A reaches initial production status**

UBXDOC-963802114-12596 C1-Public

**Author** Martin Wallebohr

#### **Date** 15 April 2025

Copying, reproduction, modification or disclosure to third parties of this document or any part thereof is only permitted with the express written permission of u-blox. The information contained herein is provided "as is" and u-blox assumes no liability for its use. No warranty, either express or implied, is given, including but not limited, with respect to the accuracy, correctness, reliability and fitness for a particular purpose of the information. This document may be revised by u-blox at any time. For most recent documents, visit www.u-blox.com. Copyright© u-blox AG.

### **1 Affected products**

| Product name | Ordering code | Firmware |
|--------------|---------------|----------|
| ZED-F9K      | ZED-F9K-02A   | LAP 1.50 |

## **2 Type**

- ☐ Hardware/component change ☐ Certification information
- ☐ Firmware/software update ☐ Security advisory
- ☐ Label change ☐ Other
- ☒ Product status change ☒ Documentation update

# **3 Description**

The automotive grade ZED-F9K-02A multi-band GNSS module with high precision and dead reckoning has reached initial production status. Compared to the previous version ZED-F9K-01A, there is no hardware change. The firmware has been updated from LAP 1.30 to LAP 1.50. For information on the firmware changes, see the Release note [\[2\].](#page-0-0)

## **4 Customer impact and recommended action**

Please see the list of relevant documents listed below for details.

### **5 Related documentation**

- [1] EVK-F9DR User guide, [UBX-23007618](https://content.u-blox.com/sites/default/files/documents/EVK-F9DR_UserGuide_UBX-23007618.pdf)
- <span id="page-0-0"></span>[2] LAP 1.50 firmware Release note, [UBXDOC-963802114-13007](https://content.u-blox.com/sites/default/files/documents/GNSS-FW1.00-LAP1.50_RN_UBXDOC-963802114-13007.pdf)
- [3] ZED-F9K-02A Data sheet, [UBXDOC-304424225-18291](https://content.u-blox.com/sites/default/files/documents/ZED-F9K-02A_DataSheet_UBXDOC-304424225-18291.pdf)